Add send-ca-cert (certificate_transfer) relation (#22)
canonical/self-signed-certificates-operator: README.md

juju relate self-signed-certificates <your charm>
```

> To obtain the CA cert fom this charm, your charm needs to support the `mutual_tls` interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain the CA certificate from this charm, your charm needs to support the `mutual_tls` interface.
```
